Added terminal names content (#745)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-terminal-names.adoc

B002.TOSHIBA-6140100-41BA03X-c643
----

The branch ID is the unique identifier for the branch server that the terminal is connected to.
You can configure this value in the PXE formula settings for the branch server.

The manufacturer, product name, and serial number are provided by the terminal hardware BIOS.

> If the terminal does not provide a serial number, it will be replaced in the terminal name with a hyphen (``-``).

Reviewer: This is not entirely correct. It the terminal hardware does not provide serial number, then serial number will be omitted.

. In the [guimenu]``IP Address`` field, type the static IP address for the terminal.
Ensure the IP address is within the range used by the branch server.
. In the [guimenu]``Hardware Type and Address`` field, type the hardware type and address in this format:
+
----
ethernet <terminal_MAC_address>
----
. OPTIONAL: For multiple terminals, click btn:[Add Item] and fill in the details for each terminal.
. Click btn:[Save Formula] to save the changes.
. In the Bind formula settings, navigate to the A records of the appropriate non-reverse zone, and click btn:[Add Item].
For more information on the bind formula, see xref:salt:formula-bind.adoc[].
. In the [guimenu]``Hostname`` field, type the hostname of the branch server.
. In the [guimenu]``IP Address`` field, type the static IP address you assigned to the terminal in the DHCP formula settings.
. OPTIONAL: For multiple terminals, click btn:[Add Item] and fill in the details for each terminal.
. Click btn:[Save Formula] to save the changes.
. Apply the highstate on the branch server to apply the changes, and update the terminal with the new hostname.

[[IMPORTANT]]
====

> If the terminal was previously registered using a name based on the hardware type instead of the hostname, you will need to delete the original registration.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "original" I'd rather repeat the previously use word.  Something like: "to delete the previous registration" or "this previous ...".

When you re-register the terminal, use the new terminal name.
====

.Procedure: Assigning IP Address and Hostname with YAML

. At the command prompt on the branch server, export a YAML configuration file:
+
----
retail_yaml --to-yaml retail.yaml
----
. Open the YAML file and navigate to the end of the branch server section.
Add a new [systemitem]``terminals`` section if it does not already exist.
. Add the IP address, MAC address, and hardware type for the terminal, using this format:
+
----
$hostname:
        IP: <IP_Address>
        hwAddress: <MAC_Address>
        hwtype: <HWTYPE_Group_name_without_HWTYPE:_prefix>
----
. Import the modified YAML file:
+
----
retail_yaml --from-yaml retail.yaml
----

> . Apply the highstate on the branch server to apply the changes, and update the terminal with the new hostname.

Reviewer 2: Maybe, the comma is superfluous or we could say something like this:
```suggestion
. Apply the highstate on the branch server to apply the changes, and thus updating the terminal with the new hostname.
```
Otherwise I read it as if "update the terminal with the new hostname" would be a second step.  But my impression could be wrong, misguided by the way we use commas in German.

Author: Yeah, that's a serial (Oxford) comma, so the part of the sentence after the comma is not a separate clause. I think removing the comma might make it clearer, but also not en-US ;)

Author: Looking at this closer, that last part is a result statement anyway, so deleting it is probably the best thing to do. Let me know what you think.

[[IMPORTANT]]
====

> If the terminal was previously registered using a name based on the hardware type instead of the hostname, you will need to delete the original registration.

Reviewer 2: Again the thing with the "original registration".
